restructure metrics and server-side sampling content (#5479)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/server-side-sampling/getting-started.mdx

![Setting a sample rate for your project](set-global-sample-rate.png)

> Your client-side sample rate determines how many transaction events are processed (all those ingested by Sentry), while the server-side sample rate determines how many transaction events are then indexed (all those retained by Sentry). We use all your processed transaction events to derive [performance metrics](/product/performance/metrics/), which makes us better able to provide you with statistically significant insights into the performance of your application.

Author: ```suggestion
Your client-side sample rate determines how many transaction events are processed (all those ingested by Sentry), while the server-side sample rate determines how many transaction events are then indexed (all those retained by Sentry). We use all your processed transaction events to derive [performance metrics](/product/performance/metrics/), which makes us better able to provide you with accurate insights into the performance of your application.
```
